An underperforming employee wants a new project or raise.
You have discovered that an employee has a substance abuse issue.
You have discovered that an employee has been secretly bullying another employee (messages in Slack DMs, etc)
Your boss changes or adds priority to your org multiple times a week
An executive "wants it all" and wants results. How do you set expectations?
It has come to your attention that an employee has made a racist post on social media or comment at the office. 
You have found out that a report has been lying to you. Specifically, they said that they created documentation, when the documents were never created.
A report booked a meeting with you and they have told you they are interviewing with other companies. They are instrumental to the success of your group.
A report has been using your company VPN to pirate Media / Software.
A project outside of your team has recently surfaced and dramatically increased the scope of your teams work overnight.  How do you navigate?
You learn that a report is leaking, selling, or compromising user data.
Your report has been evicted from their home due to circumstances outside of their control.  What do you do?
Your boss conspiciously rejects some of the reports you nominate for opportunities. He specifically rejects the women.
Your boss has given you a new report — who had been reporting to them — and tells you: "I expect them to not be working here in two months". How do you respond?
A coworker outside of your team tells you that their manager reacts angrily when challenged. Should you do anything?
Two members of your team aren't getting along, and the rancor is beginning to affect the work and the larger team.
You have an employee who is a high performer, but you do not have direct control over the budget and/or direct authority to grant a promotion.
A valuable member of the team has given their 2 week notice.
A report has made you aware in a recent 1:1 that someone else has taken credit for their idea.
You are on a Zoom call with a report and while the call, they pass out and are unresponsive.
A direct report is a no-show for a 1:1 and they are not online. They have not asked for PTO or sick time.
